crossword/README.md, before:

# Crossword generator

Generates a crossword given a list of words. Can output to JSON format for
convenience - see sample output below.

There are various ways of configuring this - see `BoardGenerationFlagConstant`
for the list of flags which can be used.

There's also a Python script, `scripts/draw_board.py`, which will generate
an image of a given JSON-represented board.

Sample output:
```
Board:
.......u....
.......s....
......sea.u.
.....c..case
.c..cause.e.
dues.u..s.d.
.e...sad....
.sauce......
..d..d......
..sue.......

JSON:
[[null, null, null, null, null, null, null, \"u\", null, null, null, null], [null, null, null, null, null, null, null, \"s\", null, null, null, null], [null, null, null, null, null, null, \"s\", \"e\", \"a\", null, \"u\", null], [null, null, null, null, null, \"c\", null, null, \"c\", \"a\", \"s\", \"e\"], [null, \"c\", null, null, \"c\", \"a\", \"u\", \"s\", \"e\", null, \"e\", null], [\"d\", \"u\", \"e\", \"s\", null, \"u\", null, null, \"s\", null, \"d\", null], [null, \"e\", null, null, null, \"s\", \"a\", \"d\", null, null, null, null], [null, \"s\", \"a\", \"u\", \"c\", \"e\", null, null, null, null, null, null], [null, null, \"d\", null, null, \"d\", null, null, null, null, null, null], [null, null, \"s\", \"u\", \"e\", null, null, null, null, null, null, null]]
```

Commit message:

Add notes to README files indicating merge into Wordo
As these were both intended for use in Wordo, indicate that development
here has stopped and will continue in the Wordo repository.

crossword/README.md, after:

# Crossword generator

**NOTE:** This has been merged into [Wordo](https://github.com/animatinator/Wordo);
development is continuing there.

Generates a crossword given a list of words. Can output to JSON format for
convenience - see sample output below.

There are various ways of configuring this - see `BoardGenerationFlagConstant`
for the list of flags which can be used.

There's also a Python script, `scripts/draw_board.py`, which will generate
an image of a given JSON-represented board.

Sample output:
```
Board:
.......u....
.......s....
......sea.u.
.....c..case
.c..cause.e.
dues.u..s.d.
.e...sad....
.sauce......
..d..d......
..sue.......

JSON:
[[null, null, null, null, null, null, null, \"u\", null, null, null, null], [null, null, null, null, null, null, null, \"s\", null, null, null, null], [null, null, null, null, null, null, \"s\", \"e\", \"a\", null, \"u\", null], [null, null, null, null, null, \"c\", null, null, \"c\", \"a\", \"s\", \"e\"], [null, \"c\", null, null, \"c\", \"a\", \"u\", \"s\", \"e\", null, \"e\", null], [\"d\", \"u\", \"e\", \"s\", null, \"u\", null, null, \"s\", null, \"d\", null], [null, \"e\", null, null, null, \"s\", \"a\", \"d\", null, null, null, null], [null, \"s\", \"a\", \"u\", \"c\", \"e\", null, null, null, null, null, null], [null, null, \"d\", null, null, \"d\", null, null, null, null, null, null], [null, null, \"s\", \"u\", \"e\", null, null, null, null, null, null, null]]
```
